README.md, before:

<h1 align=center>
    <div>
        <img src="sparkplugui/frontend/src/assets/images/logo.svg" width="180" style="filter: invert(78%) sepia(95%) saturate(1004%) hue-rotate(339deg) brightness(101%) contrast(101%)" />
    </div>
    <font size="7" style="color: #55C6E7">SparkpluGUI</font>
</h1>
<h3 align=center>
<div style="color: #D724FF;">Software that displays decoded Sparkplug messages from MQTT IoT</div>
</h3>

TODO add screenshot

## 1. Installation ⚙️

- **Windows**:
- **MacOS**:
- **Linux**:

## 2. Usage 📚

Prepare your server authentication with the **MQTT Information** panel. Possibly in TLS.
Then connect, get a success notification and starts to receive messages. They hydrate the **Messages** and the **Topics
Tree** panels.
Click on a tree branch and see the message in **Last Message** panel.

💡 Use the window small for the MQTT setup mode then enlarge it in width for the reading mode.

Main software actions can be accessed from the top left panel. They trigger effects on other panels:

### 2.1 Select 🗣️ Language

Choose your favorite language:  🇺🇸 🇩🇪 🇫🇷 🇮🇹 🇹🇳 🇯🇵 🇺🇦 🇷🇺 🇪🇸 🇨🇳 🏴󠁣󠁮󠀶󠀵󠁿 🏴󠁺󠁡󠁮󠁬󠁿 🏴󠁩󠁲󠀱󠀶󠁿

It's saved automatically.

### 2.2 Button ☁️ Connect/Disconnect

*Connect* the software to the defined server in the **MQTT Information** panel and subscribe to the topic.

*Disconnect* the software from the MQTT server, after unsubscribe the topic,
to stop the flow or to modify the topic subscription for instance.

#### MQTT Information

|                                 Fields | Description                                          | Required | Saved |
|---------------------------------------:|:-----------------------------------------------------|:--------:|:-----:|
|                               **Host** | MQTT server IP or domain name                        |    x     |   x   |
|                               **Port** | MQTT server port                                     |          |   x   |
|                              **Topic** | Choose a topic to track what you need                |    x     |   x   |
|                    **Username  [TLS]** | Use a valid username for the authentication          |          |       |
|                     **Password [TLS]** | Use a valid password for the authentication          |          |       |
| **Concatenated CA certificates [TLS]** | TLS certificate from the trusted authority (CA.pem)  |          |       |
|           **Client certificate [TLS]** | Client certificate signed by the CA (client-crt.pem) |          |       |
|                   **Client key [TLS]** | Keyfile for the client certificate (client-key.pem)  |          |       |

💡 If you need to authenticate the software to the MQTT server, please fill the 5 TLS fields to use an optimal and 
secure connection.

### 2.3 Button ↕️ Open/Close

You can open the entire tree for easy access to your nodes and devices, or close it by pressing this button.

### 2.4 Button 🔒 Unlock/Lock

When you click the unlock button, **MQTT Information**, **Messages**, **Topics Tree** and **Last Message** panels are
customizable:

- choose the window size
- move panels by drag and drop
- resize panels from the bottom right corner

Then lock it again, in order to use the software. It's saved automatically.

## 3. Technical Stack 🤓

Thank you all for the beautiful technologies:

- [Wails](https://wails.app/) for the Go/TypeScript framework
- [Go](https://golang.org/) for the language
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) for the language
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) for the composition
- [Redux Toolkit](https://redux-toolkit.js.org/) for the state management
- [Material UI](https://material-ui.com/) for the UI
- [Emotion](https://emotion.sh/docs/introduction) for the CSS
- [React JSON View](https://raw.githack.com/uiwjs/react-json-view/v1-docs/index.html) for the JSON display
- [React Spring](https://www.react-spring.io/) for the animations
- [i18next](https://www.i18next.com/) for the internationalization
- [React Grid Layout](https://github.com/react-grid-layout/react-grid-layout) for the customizable layout
- [React Toastify](https://fkhadra.github.io/react-toastify/introduction/) for the toasts
- [Vite](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@vitejs/plugin-react) for dev and build
- [DefinitelyTyped](https://github.com/DefinitelyTyped/DefinitelyTyped) for the types
- [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) for the linting
- [Sparkplug](https://www.cirrus-link.com/) for the protocol
- [MQTT](https://mqtt.org/) for the protocol
- [Paho](https://github.com/eclipse/paho.mqtt.golang) for the MQTT client
- [Protobuf](https://pkg.go.dev/google.golang.org/protobuf) for the Sparkplug payloads
- [Sparkplug Client](https://github.com/weekaung/sparkplugb-client) for the code base
- [GitHub](https://github.com) for the nice pace
- [JetBrains](https://www.jetbrains.com/) for the Rock Star IDE's
- and many others 🙏

## 4. Sponsors ❤️

If you like this project or if you wish more [Ambre.io](https://ambre.io/) open sourced projects, 
please consider:
- Become an Ambre.io Sponsor via GitHub (demand in progress)
- Become an Ambre.io Subscriber via [Patreon](patreon.com/user?u=117579457)

Thank you for your time and your energy here. Appreciate it.

Commit message:

readme: this is a sexy readme

README.md, after:

<h1 align=center>
    <div>
        <img src="frontend/src/assets/images/logo.svg" width="180" style="filter: invert(78%) sepia(95%) saturate(1004%) hue-rotate(339deg) brightness(101%) contrast(101%)" />
    </div>
    <font size="7" style="color: #55C6E7">SparkpluGUI</font>
</h1>
<h3 align=center>
<div style="color: #D724FF;">Software that displays decoded Sparkplug messages from MQTT IoT</div>
</h3>

TODO add screenshot

- [1. Installation ⚙️](#1-installation-)
- [2. Get Started 👨‍💻](#2-get-started-)
- [3. Details 📚](#3-usage-details-)
- [4. Technical Stack 🤓](#4-technical-stack-)
- [5. Sponsors ❤️](#5-sponsors-)

## 1. Installation ⚙️

- **Windows**:
- **MacOS**:
- **Linux**:

## 2. Get Started 👨‍💻
 
Prepare your server authentication with the **MQTT Information** panel. Possibly in TLS.
Then connect, get a success notification and starts to receive messages. They hydrate the **Messages** and the **Topics
Tree** panels.
Click on a tree branch and see the message in **Last Message** panel.

💡 Use the window small for the MQTT setup mode then enlarge it in width for the reading mode.

Main software actions can be accessed from the top left panel. They trigger effects on other panels:

## 3. Usage Details 📚
### 3.1 Select 🗣️ Language

Choose your favorite language:  🇺🇸 🇩🇪 🇫🇷 🇮🇹 🇹🇳 🇯🇵 🇺🇦 🇷🇺 🇪🇸 🇨🇳 🏴󠁣󠁮󠀶󠀵󠁿 🏴󠁺󠁡󠁮󠁬󠁿 🏴󠁩󠁲󠀱󠀶󠁿

It's saved automatically.

### 3.2 Button ☁️ Connect/Disconnect

*Connect* the software to the defined server in the **MQTT Information** panel and subscribe to the topic.

*Disconnect* the software from the MQTT server, after unsubscribe the topic,
to stop the flow or to modify the topic subscription for instance.

#### MQTT Information

|                                 Fields | Description                                          | Required | Saved |
|---------------------------------------:|:-----------------------------------------------------|:--------:|:-----:|
|                               **Host** | MQTT server IP or domain name                        |    x     |   x   |
|                               **Port** | MQTT server port                                     |          |   x   |
|                              **Topic** | Choose a topic to track what you need                |    x     |   x   |
|                    **Username  [TLS]** | Use a valid username for the authentication          |          |       |
|                     **Password [TLS]** | Use a valid password for the authentication          |          |       |
| **Concatenated CA certificates [TLS]** | TLS certificate from the trusted authority (CA.pem)  |          |       |
|           **Client certificate [TLS]** | Client certificate signed by the CA (client-crt.pem) |          |       |
|                   **Client key [TLS]** | Keyfile for the client certificate (client-key.pem)  |          |       |

💡 If you need to authenticate the software to the MQTT server, please fill the 5 TLS fields to use an optimal and 
secure connection.

### 3.3 Button ↕️ Open/Close

*Open* the entire tree for easy access to your nodes and devices.

*Close* the entire tree.

### 3.4 Button 🔒 Unlock/Lock

*Unlock* button gives access to **MQTT Information**, **Messages**, **Topics Tree** and **Last Message** customization:

- choose the window size
- move panels by drag and drop
- resize panels from the bottom right corner

*Lock* the customization in order to use the software. 

It's saved automatically.

## 4. Technical Stack 🤓

Thank you all for the beautiful technologies:

- [Wails](https://wails.app/) for the Go/TypeScript framework
- [Go](https://golang.org/) for the language
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) for the language
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) for the composition
- [Redux Toolkit](https://redux-toolkit.js.org/) for the state management
- [Material UI](https://material-ui.com/) for the UI
- [Emotion](https://emotion.sh/docs/introduction) for the CSS
- [React JSON View](https://raw.githack.com/uiwjs/react-json-view/v1-docs/index.html) for the JSON display
- [React Spring](https://www.react-spring.io/) for the animations
- [i18next](https://www.i18next.com/) for the internationalization
- [React Grid Layout](https://github.com/react-grid-layout/react-grid-layout) for the customizable layout
- [React Toastify](https://fkhadra.github.io/react-toastify/introduction/) for the toasts
- [Vite](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@vitejs/plugin-react) for dev and build
- [DefinitelyTyped](https://github.com/DefinitelyTyped/DefinitelyTyped) for the types
- [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) for the linting
- [Sparkplug](https://www.cirrus-link.com/) for the protocol
- [MQTT](https://mqtt.org/) for the protocol
- [Paho](https://github.com/eclipse/paho.mqtt.golang) for the MQTT client
- [Protobuf](https://pkg.go.dev/google.golang.org/protobuf) for the Sparkplug payloads
- [Sparkplug Client](https://github.com/weekaung/sparkplugb-client) for the code base
- [GitHub](https://github.com) for the nice pace
- [JetBrains](https://www.jetbrains.com/) for the Rock Star IDE's
- and many others 🙏

## 5. Sponsors ❤️

If you like this project or if you wish more [Ambre.io](https://ambre.io/) open sourced projects, 
please consider:
- Become an Ambre.io Sponsor via GitHub (demand in progress)
- Become an Ambre.io Subscriber via [Patreon](patreon.com/user?u=117579457)

Thank you for your time and your energy here. Appreciate it.
